Upgrade to Realm Core v13.9.0 (#5721)
realm/realm-js: CHANGELOG.md

## vNext (TBD)

> NOTE: Since the file format of the Realm aux. files has been changes, and it is required to use Realm Studio v14.0.0 to open Realm files produced by this release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Since the file format of the Realm files has been changed, it is required to use Realm Studio v14.0.0 to open Realm files produced by this release.
```

Reviewer: Updated my suggestion
